[상단 제목]
Marine protection
Ocean
Start date
November 2013
Area of ​​Interest
global
20%
 

[문단배너 - 01] 
Campaign Objectives
    To protect the ocean as a sustainable space, we intend to call on UN member states, including Korea, to enact a marine treaty and designate internationally binding 'Marine Protected Areas'.

[문단 사진 구성]
Did you know?
    The high seas, amounting to 61% of the total ocean area, are not protected at all from human profit-seeking activities. Despite the most effective methods to protect the ocean, marine protected areas that prohibit all human activities, such as fishing, scientific experiments, and tourism, account for only 2% of the world's oceans.

[문단배너 - 02]
Problem
    The oceans are suffering from human profit-seeking activities such as climate change, plastic pollution, deep-sea mining, oil drilling, and fisheries. Over the past few decades, the populations of marine life, including sea turtles, coral reefs, and sharks, have declined rapidly. The problem is the absence of international agreements to protect waters outside of national jurisdiction, namely the high seas. Greenpeace is demanding that the international community fulfill its responsibility to protect the high seas by establishing a UN Convention on the Ocean that will serve as the basis for designating 'Marine Protected Areas'.

[주제 목록 구성 - 01]
Research and investigation
    Since launching the Antarctic Ocean Protection Campaign in 2018, Greenpeace has been working with academia to raise awareness of the crisis and severity facing the ocean, as well as the need for ocean protection.

    June 2021
    Issued Report 'Solutions for Oceans in Crisis: Marine Protected Areas' in Commemoration of World Oceans Day

    July 2022
    Publication of the global shark report *Hooked on Sharks*, which captures the reality of destructive shark overfishing caused by longline fishing in oceans around the world.

    January 2022
    Conducting an Antarctic expedition with the Greenpeace environmental monitoring vessel 'Artic Sunrise' to research changes in the Antarctic ecosystem and marine environment caused by the climate crisis

    March 2022
    Publication of the global 'Squid Report: Squids in the Spotlight,' revealing the reality of destructive squid overfishing in oceans worldwide

    September 2023
    Roadmap for Achieving 30x30, Publication of Report 'Marine Protection through Global Ocean Treaties'

[주제 목록 구성 - 02]
Campaign activities
Greenpeace conducted survey and research activities using environmental monitoring vessels to raise awareness of the urgency of concluding the UN Convention on the Sea, and together with 'Ocean Defenders,' a civic group that conveys Greenpeace's message of marine protection, demanded that the South Korean government delegation conclude the UN Convention on the Sea.

    July 2022
    Greenpeace is holding the Antarctic Photo Exhibition in Yongsan, Seoul, featuring vivid images of the Antarctic ecosystem witnessed from its environmental monitoring vessel.

    August 2022
    300 drones were used to display endangered marine life in the night sky of Seoul Forest Park, urging world leaders, including those of Korea, to conclude a global maritime treaty.

    February 2023
    A screening of marine conservation was held on a large screen at Han River Park to urge the conclusion of a marine treaty.

    March 2023
    Signing of a historic 'Global Ocean Treaty' for the protection of global oceans at the UN Convention on Marine Biodiversity Emergency Meeting held in March 2023

    March 2025
    Korea Ratifies Global Maritime Treaty for the First Time in East Asia

[최신기사목록 - 해양보호]
Latest marine conservation activities

    Latest Climate News
    War Burned More Than Just Oil: The Middle East, Where Even Air, Water, and the Sea Are Collapsing
    April 21, 2026

    General Latest News
    Check out the changes we made together with citizens in Spring 2026 with Global Green News!
    March 30, 2026

    Marine Press Release
    [Statement] ISA Puts Brakes on Deep-Sea Mining… Adoption of Mining Regulations Fails
    March 23, 2026

    Latest marine news
    The Entry into Force of the Global Maritime Treaty 'BBNJ' and Street Artists
    January 20, 2026